Wasn't expecting you
for a few more hours.
Yeah. we had a laundromat
explosion in Queens.
Took out the assisted
living home next door.
The rest of the team
is still at the scene.
sifting through the debris.
You know what caused it?
We have a theory.
Wouldn't be
the first time a meth cook
screwed up his recipe.
Yeah. the AUSA is looking
to finalize criminal complaints
against the owners
by the end of the day.
We got a dozen more of these
crates incoming.
And I get the pleasure
of processing them all.
Yeah. but think about
all the overtime.
Don't even have the time
to spend it.
Don't move!
No. no.
don't even think about it.
Stop. now!
On the ground!
On your knees. right now!
Grab his gun. dude.
Just take the drugs and go.
Shut up.
Inside.
Get up!
OK!
Just do what we say. and you
will both live to see tomorrow.
OK. do you understand?
You're making a big mistake.
No. we're fixing one.
You. with me.
Hey. eyes!
Pull up your inventory log
with all your cases.
Go.
Come on!
There. I'm in.
OK. it says it's in locker A27.
A27. come on.
Get down with him.
Hey. we need a code!
- You heard him.
We need a code.
1222.
What the hell did you do?
Nothing. I-I swear.
The front gate is on a timer.
Stop!
Stop lying.
You give me the code. or I
will put a hole in your head.
She's telling you the truth.
Once the alarm's been tripped.
none of the lockers will open.
OK. well. override it then!
It takes eight minutes
to reboot the system.
Backup will be here
in less than five.
but if you leave now...
OK!
You have five seconds
before you join your buddy.
Five! Four!
0819.
There's too many of them.
We're not gonna make it in time.
Well. then just take them all.
Isobel.
you got a moment?
For the new ADIC. absolutely.
How's life upstairs?
I'm still finding my footing.
Well. I have no doubt you will.
You know. I have to admit
that when I heard
that they were replacing
Reynolds internally.
I assumed it would be you
knocking on my door.
Well. like I told Ropac.
I'm on the right floor.
So there's no elephant
in the room. honestly.
I'm relieved to hear that.
Going forward.
I need to know that the people
who are working under me
are with me completely.
no matter what.
Sir?
The Bureau is at
an inflection point.
And in this next chapter.
there's no room for mavericks.
So it's important now
more than ever.
that we always remain
on the same page.
Hey.
So how do we feel about the
new. great. and powerful Oz?
Guy moves up a few floors.
and his first order of business
is to pass out loyalty tests.
Really?
What's up?
Our evidence locker
just got hit.
What?
Robbers killed an ERT agent
in the process.
Tate Lattimore.
Tate?
Oh. man. that's Grace's husband.
Look. I want you down there
running point.
OK.
OK. so 5:15 this morning.
two masked gunmen used
an ERT delivery
to Trojan horse their way
into our evidence locker.
Yeah. alarm tripped at 5:18.
NYPD showed up at 5:21.
They cleared out that entire
vault in under six minutes.
That's motivated.
- Yeah. and careful.
The dirt bike they came in on
had its plates covered.
And they knew enough to
disable the GPS on the ERT van
they fled in.
Look at that wound.
definitely
a large-caliber round.
Based on the tissue disruption.
I would say it was
a shotgun at close range.
but I've never seen a shotgun
casing that looks like that.
No. that looks like it exploded.
Ballistics has its work
cut out for them as well.
Hopefully Scola and Eva have
better luck with the witness.
It's our responsibility
to safeguard
every piece of evidence
that comes through those doors.
The alarm was supposed
to scare them off. but
I can't believe they shot him.
You were doing your job. OK?
There's nothing more
you could have done.
I only knew Tate
through drop-offs.
but over the years.
it adds up. you know?
Do you have any idea
what they were looking for?
One of them said they
were here to fix a mistake.
Fix a mistake?
That's what he said.
But I know based on
the locker they cleared out.
whatever they were here for
came sometime in the last year.
- Talk to Mar...
- Jubal.
- Up there. all right?
Thank you. guys.
- Where is he?
- No. no.
- Grace. Grace. Grace. Grace.
- Where is he?
- Wait. wait. wait. Grace.
Grace. Grace. Grace.
- What?
I'm sorry.
- Mm-mm. No.
- I'm so sorry.
No. Jubal. Please. no.
I'm so sorry.
No. no. no.
No.
We're an FBI family.
I work the white-collar crimes.
Is there a risk? Sure.
But we're mostly at our
computers crunching numbers.
I begged Tate
to get out of the field.
He's organized crime. right?
Yeah. 20 years.
Took its toll.
So I begged him
to take this job.
What's the worst
that could happen?
We're gonna do everything
in our power
to catch these guys.
OK. I want to help.
I cannot bear the thought
of going home right now.
Come on.
let me do something. Jubal.
Let me help.
Well. look. I'll talk to Isobel.
But I think we both know
what she'll say.
But. Grace.
we are gonna
get justice for Tate.
Yeah. OK.
It's a small comfort.
For the last 23 years.
Tate Lattimore dedicated
his life to this Bureau.
This morning.
two men came on to FBI turf
and executed him in cold blood.
We do not rest
until they are in handcuffs.
We know that they were targeting
a case from last September.
Have we had a chance
to review the inventory log
that Linda Jurgens sent over?
Yeah. but that locker had
evidence on. like. 30 cases.
You disrupt
the chain of custody...
Yeah. your case gets thrown out.
So evidence from
any one of these cases
could have been the target.
H-how do we narrow it down?
- We can't.
All of these cases' trials
are coming up soon.
some just within days
of each other.
Hey. Ballistics report
just dropped.
OK. what kind of firearm
are we looking for?
None.
Apparently what Maggie
found at the scene
wasn't actually a bullet.
- What was it?
- A whippet.
A small steel canister
filled with nitrous oxide.
They're commonly used
as a propellant
for whipped cream dispensers.
OK. well. we know
from the surveillance
that they weren't
carrying those.
So how the hell did
a whippet show up there?
According to a scary
ATF report from 2024.
new genre of untraceable guns
is emerging.
Perps are loading whippets
into toy guns
after this social media post
went viral.
Gun DIY here.
and I'm gonna show you
a new hack.
If you want to make
a lethal projectile
that explodes upon impact.
take a little air compression
and combine it
with nitrous oxide.
And voilà.
the world's worst kid party...
All right. shut it off.
Is there any way
that we can use this shrapnel
to ID our killers?
OK. looks like Ballistics
was able to match the diameter
of the whippet brand we
recovered to the cylinder
of the Hyperstrike-100.
It's a dart blaster
modeled after an Uzi.
So this could be a match
for our murder weapon
minus some spray paint.
And I'm guessing this toy will
be even harder to track down
than the whippets. yeah?
- Correct.
You can buy it online
or any big box store.
All right. well.
we know that they took off
in one of our own ERT vans. right?
They turned off the GPS.
but there's got to be a way
to find that van.
Been cross-referencing
the plates
with every reader in the city.
We're putting together
a possible route.
Look.
It crossed through Midtown.
and we lost it around
25th and Lexington.
Well. maybe it's still there.
Let's send a team.
There's the van.
Abandoned in broad daylight?
This looks like everything
from the warehouse...
There's no way they went through
all of this trouble for nothing.
We got to figure out
what they took.
OK. I'll get ERT down here.
have them bag everything
back up.
See what's missing.
All right. have we ID'd
any items our bad guys
didn't part ways with?
Uh. yeah. took us a sec.
Looks like it was case 62314.
Contained a laptop
belonging to Joe Maliska.
disgraced investment advisor
for a private money
management firm.
Joe was caught running
an elaborate Ponzi scheme.
I read about this.
He bilked his clients
out of millions.
100 million. to be exact.
Investigators found credentials
to Maliska's Cayman account.
It's all on that laptop.
So if this laptop
were to disappear.
our case against him evaporates.
We're not actually saying
this Park Avenue Wall Street
crook found an accomplice and
broke into our evidence locker
himself. right?
- Unlikely.
The judge considered him
a flight risk.
He's on house arrest leading
up to his trial next month.
We can see his movements.
All right. so maybe Maliska
hired these shooters.
Let's get a team
over to Maliska's.
Joe Maliska. FBI. open up.
Joe.
Doesn't sound like
anyone's home.
Think he split?
We may never know.
Judge just denied
the search warrant.
What do you want to do?
Well. Maliska is under
house arrest.
and he's not answering.
So the prosecutor in me
would say
that this is a wellness check.
Joe?
Hello?
FBI.
Joe?
Joe Maliska?
Scola?
Yeah.
He's dead.
All right. what do you think?
Suicide?
Either that or someone
wants it to look like one.
Rigor mortis suggests
Joe Maliska died 12 hours ago.
That was before the robbery
at our evidence warehouse.
And then some.
So it's safe to say that
he didn't hire our shooters.
You got an early hunch on
the cause of death. Neil?
Won't know for certain
until I open him up.
but based on the pills we found.
a fatal dose of Amitriptyline.
a common antidepressant.
It causes arrhythmia.
10 pills would be enough
to stop his heart.
So it was a suicide?
Or. like you said.
staged to look like one.
Yeah. Neil.
what are your thoughts
about the bruising on his jaw?
Yeah. I saw that.
Discoloration here.
like somebody
pinched his jaw.
forcing it open.
And made him
swallow those pills.
Yeah. it's a theory.
There's not enough evidence
to be certain.
I'm not so sure about that.
- Great.
Hey. ERT.
still searching Maliska's place.
found 30 hidden cameras so far.
Paranoid millionaire crook.
Now I've heard everything.
You pull the feeds?
Patching us into his cloud now.
OK. so Mossbach said
Maliska died 12 hours ago.
So let's scrub back to then
to see what happened.
OK. here's the crew.
So they went to
Maliska's penthouse
before hitting
the evidence facility.
So they picked the lock.
Scrub forward
and see what happens next.
What do they want with Maliska?
Zoom in.
What is that?
Is that a notebook?
Can't get it from this angle.
But looks like they then push
him into the living room.
Let's punch in.
So our theory was right.
They force-fed him
a bottle of pills.
Can... can we get an ID
on these guys?
Scrubbing ahead.
Yeah. yeah. yeah. run it.
Got a hit.
All right.
introducing Jared Huxley. 26.
No priors?
You're telling me this guy
was a first-time offender?
And is in the business
of saving lives.
Says he works for
a suicide prevention hotline.
So this guy went
from preventing suicides
to staging one?
Why?
Well. because Maliska screwed
over thousands of people.
They lost everything.
Isn't it possible that
Jared and his accomplice
were both victims
of Maliska's Ponzi scheme?
They just want their money back?
Right. so what. they visit
Maliska to get credentials
to his Cayman accounts.
and then they...
they kill him.
and they raid the storage space
to get his laptop?
- Yeah. it's a waste of time.
Maliska's Cayman account with
100 million. it's frozen.
They would never see that money.
All right.
we got two guys on a warpath.
And we need to figure out why.
Well. let's get Jared Huxley
to fill in the blanks
Where is he now?
Phone's off. but according to
his last W-2.
he lives with his mom
in Flatbush.
Execute.
- FBI.
Show me your hands.
Don't shoot.
Is anyone else in the house?
No. What's going on?
Why are you here?
- OK.
Go find Jared.
I have her.
This has to be
some kind of mistake.
Ms. Huxley.
we have Jared on camera
murdering two people
in two different locations.
One of those was an FBI agent.
No. not Jared.
He only looks to help people.
He's a good kid.
- Maybe.
Where is Jared right now?
I don't keep tabs.
Ms. Huxley.
I am not messing around.
Where is your son?
Maggie.
We found the laptop.
It was behind her headboard.
You want to try this again?
I had three sons.
Jared. Sam. and Drew.
the baby.
When he was 17.
he hung himself in our garage.
I found the how-to site
on his computer for the noose.
We all took it bad.
me and his brothers.
But it was me who found him.
I cut him down myself.
All we wanted was answers.
And you think
they're on that laptop?
I know it.
And Jared and his brother.
I didn't raise them
to be cowards.
So that's who Jared was
working with. his brother Sam.
We're done here.
I want to call a lawyer now.
She knows exactly
what her sons are up to.
Enough to help.
The pills that are on the table.
that's the same drug that was
found in Maliska's system.
Well. it's one thing
to protect your sons.
but if she gave them
the drugs they used...
Yeah. that's conspiracy.
but the charges
are never gonna stick
unless we find Jared and Sam.
I've seen suicide
bring families together.
But to kill people?
What the hell's going on here?
I don't know.
But it's got something to do
with that laptop.
We've got to find
Jared and Sam Huxley.
Anything on the laptop
that can clue us in
to where they're headed next?
Well. based on
the recent items log.
I can see every application
and file Jared and Sam accessed
on Maliska's laptop.
And it does look like
they dug around for a while
until they came across a ledger
of some kind...
five accounts.
all labeled using a code name.
All have transactions
going back years.
Is there any way to get an ID
on the owners of these accounts?
Not without the cipher key.
but based on Jared and Sam's
last Google search.
looks like we might
already have one.
Carlson Ambrose.
Guy owns the Van Allen Club.
private social club
on the Upper East Side.
They pulled the address.
All right. I'm gonna
get a team over there.
Ambrose could be in danger.
FBI.
We're looking for
Carlson Ambrose.
Mr. Ambrose is taking
a meeting in our lounge.
I saw him head up
ten minutes ago.
Second floor. up those stairs.
No. no. no!
FBI! Drop your weapon.
Nice and slow.
Put it down.
I'm on him.
Gunshots fired.
We need an ambo
to this location.
Stop!
Put the guns down now.
Go!
Move!
Move against the fence.
Suspect last seen fleeing
on a motorcycle down Madison.
Sam Huxley. you're under arrest.
Yeah. you shouldn't
be arresting me. though.
I'm one of the good guys.
- Yeah. are you?
You just stood by while your
brother killed an innocent man.
Yeah. and I'd do it again. OK?
Because he's a pedophile.
They all are.
Sit down.
No. you shouldn't
be arresting me.
There are rich.
powerful men out there
abusing kids right now.
I said sit down.
No. you're protecting them.
You're the reason
that Drew is dead.
Sit down!
Sam. we know that
you and your brother
murdered three people today.
And one of those
was an FBI agent.
It was all me.
Jared had nothing to do with it.
OK. well.
the evidence says otherwise.
Why are you protecting him?
Jared's just making things
right. OK.
those bastards.
they deserve to die.
They're pedophiles.
Well. how do you know that
for sure?
Because they raped
my little brother.
Joe Maliska.
the guy at the club.
they touched Drew.
He's dead because of them.
Your mother said that your
brother Drew committed suicide.
Did she mention what we found
after he was gone?
What?
Proof.
He wrote about it
in his diary. OK?
All the different men.
how they touched him.
Where's this diary?
- Jared has it.
It's all in there.
I'm telling you guys.
it's all in there. OK?
There's a whole group
of these sick freaks.
And they are preying on kids.
OK?
And Jared just...
he's gonna stop it
once and for all.
OK. in this diary. did it
mention Joe Maliska by name?
He's the only name.
because he was the first one
that Drew was sold to.
But when we showed up to
his house. he confessed.
And he said that he knew
who the others were
and if we want those names
that it's in his laptop.
Which was in
the evidence locker.
We typed in the code
that he gave us.
And it's all there.
every transaction.
every name.
Sam. if this is true.
we are gonna
hold these men accountable.
And if you want justice
for what happened.
you need to tell us
where Jared is
before he makes this even worse.
And I need a list
of those names.
They're rich and powerful.
You really think their
fancy lawyers are gonna
let them go down for this?
No. Jared says that
if we want justice.
we have to handle this
on our own.
No. you need to understand...
No. you need to understand.
We didn't have a dad.
We only had each other.
We are all that we've got.
So Jared's gonna make them pay.
Sam.
If you let us help you.
you have a chance
to walk free again.
Otherwise. you're gonna
spend a life behind bars.
all because you just wanted
an eye for an eye.
If it's your brother
or your little sister...
what would you do?
All right. folks. listen up.
So Sam Huxley
is not cooperating.
but we do have a potential lead.
He claims that Maliska was
a member of a pedophile ring.
And we suspect those five
transactions on his laptop.
that's Jared's hit list.
So we need to identify the
names behind those transfers
before anyone else gets hurt.
I'm talking to you. Ian.
How are we doing?
Yeah. I'm working on it.
but the encryption
is sophisticated.
Sam and Jared had
the decryption key.
All right. well. keep working.
How we doing tracking
Jared the old-fashioned way?
Well. we're up on facial rec.
but so far. nothing.
And his phone
still isn't pinging.
We do not have time
for a dead end.
There must be something
we haven't tried
to get the names
off that laptop.
something outside the box.
Hey. I'm... I'm sorry.
I shouldn't have asked you
to come down here.
No. no. I said I wanted to
help. I meant it.
Yeah. are you sure?
- Yes.
- OK.
Did you find anything?
So folks never commit
just one financial crime.
I cross-referenced all of the
accounts in Maliska's ledger
with our case files.
It's. uh. still processing.
- Oh.
OK. great.
So I heard Tate's killers are
hunting for a pedophile ring.
Well. allegedly. yeah.
It seems Tate just got
caught in the crosshairs.
you know?
So it's vigilante justice.
The Huxleys were so focused
on catching the guys who
hurt their brother.
they didn't care
who they killed along the way.
Oh.
Whoa.
- Whoa.
That's quite the list.
All right. you get my text with
the names on Jared's hit list?
Sending it up to the screen now.
OK. so Joe Maliska
and Carlson Ambrose
are both dead.
which leaves Colton Bradshaw.
Ron Daniels. and Nick Morgan.
Now. obviously.
these are some of the most
powerful men in New York.
So who's Jared going for next?
Well. there's no way to tell.
So we need to send teams out
to all of them now.
get them into
protective custody.
As detestable as it is.
it is our job
to keep these people safe.
And any one of them
could be Jared's next target.
This him?
Yeah.
Nick Morgan. FBI.
We're gonna need you
to come with us.
The hell's going on here?
Come on.
Jared.
Put the gun down now.
- You don't understand.
- Please help me.
Shut up!
Jared. look at me.
We understand.
Jared.
Look. I'm Eva. OK?
We know.
You believe that this man
assaulted your brother. right?
I have proof.
I did no such thing.
Oh. your friend told me
exactly what you did
before I bashed in his skull.
The FBI is taking
your claim seriously.
And if this man did
what you say he did.
then we will prosecute him.
And you will get justice.
Jared.
put the gun down.
Just let us take it
from here. OK?
Jared.
think about your family.
Think about your mom.
You don't want her to lose
another son. right?
You're right.
I need to think about
my family...
Yeah.
and what he did to us.
Jared Huxley had
Drew's diary on him.
JOC is combing through it now.
And what about Nick Morgan?
Uh. he's dead.
We're holding the other two
for questioning.
but they're refusing to talk
without lawyers.
If this really is an
underage sex trafficking ring.
there's gonna be more victims.
Well. we're trying to
figure out who's at the top.
Joe Maliska. he...
he set up the accounts.
He handled the money.
but he was not the ringleader.
Whoever it is. we've got
our work cut out for us.
Isobel. uh.
every name on this list.
I mean.
they're... they're connected.
They donate to politicians
on both sides of the aisle.
This is gonna
ring alarm bells upstairs.
What do we have to support
Jared and his brother's claims?
Well. we did a deep dive
into Nick Morgan.
his financials.
phone history. socials.
We noticed a pattern.
- Yeah.
Every time Nick sent
a transfer of $9.999
to Joe Maliska.
he first made a call
to this specific phone number
two minutes before.
every single time.
- Wait. what?
What are we talking about?
- Well. we're not sure.
but Carlson Ambrose
did the same thing.
First.
he dialed that phone number.
and then
he transferred the money.
All the men in Maliska's laptop
followed the exact same pattern.
including the two we have
in our custody.
Colton Bradshaw and Ron Daniels.
And that number is an IVR.
Interactive Voice Response
system.
It allows businesses
to take incoming calls
without needing a live agent.
OK. so we know Maliska
handled the money.
but he did not work alone.
So who is the Epstein of this
ring. the man at the center?
Whoever he is. he's hiding
behind a matrix of shell corps.
Let's keep peeling that onion.
All right.
you've got the phone number.
Call it.
Dialing.
How many hours did
you sleep last night?
When does the green line arrive?
Where does the black bird nest?
What is your favorite city
in Ohio?
Goodbye.
So this is all part
of some secret code?
The men dial this number.
presumably answer the questions.
and then a few minutes later.
wire the money?
Well. I have a hunch as
to what they're ordering.
But we need to crack
the code. right?
We could try.
but one of those questions
is surely a bonafides...
designed to prove that you're
part of the inner circle.
Yeah. so let's talk to
somebody in that inner circle.
This is an unjust detention.
My client is a victim.
The longer you keep him. the
better our civil case becomes.
Mm.
Proof that your client
repeatedly sent $9.999
to a known money launderer.
Anti-money laundering rules
remain a legal gray area.
and we both know it.
Here's where
it really gets interesting.
Do you see that phone number
right there?
Yeah. Colton. we know.
Your client called that number
before each and every
money transfer.
Not just him. so did the
other four pedophiles
who sent money to Maliska.
Pedophiles?
I guess
I'll be adding defamation
and malicious prosecution
to our suit.
Right after we connect
that phone number
to a child sex trafficking ring
that your client paid
to participate in
dozens of times.
What are you offering?
Limited use immunity.
What do you want?
The ringleader.
I don't know his name.
Yeah. I thought you'd say that.
Let's try it this way.
Call the number.
Place an order like you
normally would for later today.
Do what she says.
How many hours did
you sleep last night?
14.
It's the... age you want.
When does the green line arrive?
4:00 p.m.
Where does the black bird nest?
Lentor Hotel. Room 2006.
What is your
favorite city in Ohio?
We know this is
the bonafides question.
Do not play games.
Just answer.
I've never been to Ohio.
Thank you.
Your order will be processed
upon receipt of payment.
Now you send the money.
We'll handle that.
We're looking for
a 14-year-old boy.
Try not to spook him.
In position.
Second he shows up. we pull him.
Drop off's two minutes late.
- All right. here we go.
I think I got him.
Yeah. I got eyes.
Brown hair. khakis.
OA. you see what car
he got out of?
Negative.
He must have showed up on foot.
I'm gonna make an approach.
Hey. do you...
are you staying here?
Do you have a room upstairs?
Where are your parents?
OK. no. I see.
You don't want to
talk to strangers.
That's OK.
Your folks.
they raised you right.
- I'm good.
Just leave me alone.
No. wait.
You see. I'm an FBI agent.
So that means that
I can help you make sure
that you get to your parents
safely.
Do you understand
what I'm saying?
Hey. you're not in any
kind of trouble or anything.
All right?
We're just here to help.
Maggie. OA.
he's headed your way.
Easy.
Hey. hey. hey.
You're safe.
We just need to talk to you
for a few minutes.
I want to be clear.
You are not in trouble. OK?
You didn't do anything wrong.
OK?
Can you tell us the name
of the man
who told you to come here?
Great.
You can help us identify him.
No. I-I won't.
What do...
We're all here to help you.
No. you're not.
He is.
I'd never hurt him.
Thank you both for waiting.
Hi.
My name is Isobel.
Grayson. I was hoping
that you could help me
with something today.
You still don't
feel like talking?
Grayson. these folks
are here to help you.
Please talk to them.
It's OK.
Listen.
I understand that loyalty
is very important to you.
It's important to me. too.
But the thing about loyalty is.
it can't exist without trust.
And I am afraid. Grayson. that
you are trusting the wrong man.
This man.
he's lied to you. Grayson.
No. he's been helping me.
How?
Did he tell you
to keep all of this quiet?
you'd lose everything
if anyone found out
what he was doing?
Did he say
"you have a bright future.
"one that I'm invested in.
"but all of it will go away
if you don't keep my secrets"?
- How...
how do you know that?
Because you're not the only one.
What is that?
It's a diary.
This belonged to a boy
just like you.
His name was Drew.
And this same man promised Drew
that he could have the future
of his dreams.
but for a price.
his silence.
Drew committed suicide.
He told me he knew a congressman
that could get me
into West Point.
had me meet with him.
and that's when...
Oh. my God.
You're talking about
the youth program.
What youth program?
I signed him up
for a mentorship program
at the community center.
That's where he must
have met these men.
Grayson. do any of these
people look familiar?
Yeah. this is the one that
can get me into college.
That is not a congressman.
Grayson.
I'm so sorry.
No. no. no. that can't be.
He said my mom wouldn't
have to get another job.
And...
you just work so hard.
I wanted to help.
I was just trying
to make things better.
It is not your job
to take care of me.
I'm supposed to
take care of you.
I'm so sorry.
You listen to me.
This is not your fault.
You were lied to
and manipulated and used.
Now you know the truth.
So please.
tell me who introduced you
to this man.
All right. people.
so Grayson ID'd the trafficking
ringleader as Ricky Benson.
Let's talk about him.
What do we know?
He's a pillar of the community.
currently runs a youth program
providing mentorship
to underprivileged boys.
He claims to connect them to
elite colleges and sponsors
who will invest in their future.
Grayson and Drew Huxley
were both participants.
There's currently six
other boys in the program.
According to Grayson.
Benson lured them in
through meetings
with wealthy donors
looking to sponsor his future.
There's no telling how many
kids he's done this to.
How are we doing?
- Yeah.
we just got a hit on a pole cam
at Red Hook Bus Terminal.
He's already trying
to leave the city.
Notify Red Hook security!
This man does not
leave the station.
All we know
is that our suspect's
wearing a tan jacket.
His bus leaves in 15 minutes.
All right. let's split up
and cover more ground.
He's not out here.
No sign of him.
Ricky's not on the bus.
I got eyes on a tan jacket.
Could be him.
Approaching now.
Not him.
Eyes on Ricky.
Maggie. he's headed your way.
FBI. move.
Ricky Benson. FBI.
Out of the way!
Get up. Ricky.
Get up!
You're under arrest.
- For what?
I've done nothing wrong.
You're about to find out
who your real friends are now.
Thought maybe he'd show
an ounce of remorse.
but there was nothing.
No. we got him. though.
He won't hurt anyone ever again.
As long as his friends in
high places don't protect him.
I've seen how that
plays out in court.
Well. hopefully Isobel
will work that out with AUSA.
We did our part.
It's time for
others to do theirs.
CEO Colton Bradshaw.
real estate tycoon Ron Daniels.
Ricky Benson.
That's quite the list
you targeted.
ADIC Green. I can explain.
Hold on.
You are accusing some of
the most high-profile men
in our city
of being sex offenders.
pedophiles.
And you're getting pressure
from upstairs to keep it quiet.
Yes.
I had a feeling this was coming.
I just didn't think
it would be so fast.
Well. these men want to
make sure certain headlines
don't make the news.
so they're gonna act fast.
Lawrence.
I've been thinking
a lot about what you said
about your expectation
that we are
gonna be on the same page.
I cannot make that promise.
I can't be selective
about doing my job.
These victims.
they deserve justice.
That's exactly how I feel.
Proceed with full charges.
But be aware.
this could get ugly.
And you'll need to fight.
And I'll be right behind you.